Initial readme update (#156)
jellyfin/jellyfin-apiclient-java: README.md

<h1 align="center">Jellyfin Java API Client</h1>
<h3 align="center">Part of the <a href="https://jellyfin.media">Jellyfin Project</a></h3>

---

<p align="center">
<img alt="Logo Banner" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-ux/master/branding/SVG/banner-logo-solid.svg?sanitize=true"/>
<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://dev.azure.com/jellyfin-project/jellyfin/_build?definitionId=24&_a=summary&repositoryFilter=3&branchFilter=257%2C257%2C257%2C257%2C257%2C257%2C257%2C257%2C257%2C257">
<img alt="Azure DevOps builds" src="https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/jellyfin-project/7cce6c46-d610-45e3-9fb7-65a6bfd1b671/24.svg">

> </a>

Author: Done

	}
});
```

---

> ## Reference Use-Cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Projects using the API client
```

Author: I tried thinking of a proper headline and could not think of that xD

This API client library can be utilised in any Java or Kotlin based client application and serves as an abstraction layer to interact with the API endpoints provided by a current version of Jellyfin server.
The Jellyfin Project already uses this client library within two of its official clients and provides this utility to any other developer with the need for this library.

> You can use these reference use-cases to help in case you plan to develop your own JVM based Jellyfin client(s). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Jellyfin Android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Jellyfin for Android
```

> [Jellyfin Android](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android) is the new official Kotlin based re-implementation of the old Android client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Jellyfin for Android](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android) is our official Kotlin based Android client for phones and tablets.
```

> Should you intend to use this library with Kotlin as your language of choice, then you can use this client as a reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### Jellyfin Android TV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Jellyfin for Android TV
```

> [Jellyfin Android TV](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-androidtv) is the current official Android TV client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Jellyfin for Android TV](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-androidtv) is the official Android TV client for devices running Android TV, Fire TV or Google TV.
```

> It mostly represents a Java-based client using this library, yet is in the process of migrating to Kotlin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### Gelli

> [Gelli](https://github.com/dkanada/gelli) is a music-focused 3rd party Android client developed and maintained by one of the core Jellyfin members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Gelli](https://github.com/dkanada/gelli) is a music-focused third-party Android client.
```

> It represents a pure Java client utilising this client library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
